So I'm not going to use this hello world.
So I'm going to get rid of this component.
I'm also gonna get rid of things
that are inside this app.
And I'm also gonna add a class of contain,
because I know that I'm gonna be
using some CSS that allows me
to do some relative positioning,
so that the other things
are positioned absolutely within them.
I'm also gonna go over to my resources.
So I'll go look at my game resources.
And then I'll say, okay,
here's my main.CSS.
I'm gonna grab all of
the main.CSS here and
dump it right into my
top level app component.
I'm doing that right now because
it's not that much styles actually.
It's a very small amount of styles.
But in the next thing that we're doing
with the food app, we're going to bring it
in as an asset and I'll show you how
to wire that up with knuckles config.
So I'm showing you both ways.
I'll be showing you both ways of a bunch
of different things through the day.
So we've got our body, we're bringing
this in, we need to bring in our font.
So if I go back to the browser, and
don't worry about that I just deleted
a component that it's looking for, but
that error will go away in just a second.
If we go to fonts.Google,
I'm gonna actually use a font called
recursive because we're programmers and
why shouldn't we use
something called recursive?
That's a great name.
That's the whole reason
[LAUGH] why I chose this was
basically just cuz I like the name.
So I'm gonna grab my link here, and
I'm gonna go back to my application.
And I'm gonna go into our index.HTML.
And I'm going to add this link into my
index.HTML and
that will give me that recursive piece.
So if I go back into here, you can see I
have the font family recursive lined up.
And just to check things out,
I could also say,
hi there and see how that's loading.
So let's go back over here and
we can refresh.
And I didn't add in.
This is a good one so that you can see.
When we add in SCSS, we also don't
have the assets of the background.
When we add an SCSS to the SAS loader,
sometimes we have to run node.
So we have to run NPM or NPM I node,
SAS Loader.
Or in our case we're using yarn.
So we would say yarn add node
sass sass loader, all right?
Now if we wanna load
that background SVG in,
we would dump it into this awesome
assets folder that we mentioned before.
And we're already making a relationship
with that inside of the app.view.
So let's go back to what we've got here.
So we've got the whole background loaded,
and we've got that kind of position,
the background size, position cover.
So it's kind of filling up the whole
screen and you can see that Hi there and
we can also see that our
font is now loading.
Awesome, okay, so
we're gonna bring over a few other assets.
I mentioned before that we have some
components and they're pieces of an SVG.
So I'm gonna bring these components
into the components folder, right here.
I'm also going to delete the hello world,
as I'm no longer using it.
Cool, we also have this base SVG, but
we'll come back to that in just a second.
We have our questions as well.
And all of these questions are the
questions that we're gonna kind of loop
through and
use as a kind of manifest file for
the whole game of all of that game state.
So right now I'm going to grab questions.
And I'm gonna go into the store
into the index js file.
And in state, I'm gonna load those
questions but this is an object, right?
And it's not an array like in this file.
So, what we do is we say
questions with a colon and
now we're loading all of our questions.
Excellent, we can make sure that this is
loaded by coming back to this game state,
refreshing the page.
And then in our view area
we've got our route app,
which has, nothing going on yet.
We didn't store any data yet.
And then if we look in the view x tag,
I can load state and
you can see that questions array
with all of those objects.
So if you wanted to see the difference
between the components and the view x,
you can go into that area and we can
see that everything's loading properly.